♪ The body is wrapped in shadow ♪
♪ The face is built of cinders ♪
♪ And panic tears
through your silhouette ♪
♪ As you're squeezed by burning fingers ♪
♪ And he's crackling in our colors ♪
♪ With teeth of gelignite ♪
♪ When he sighs his song and pirouettes ♪
♪ Through a dance of dynamite ♪
♪ We are fireworks ♪
♪ Slowly, glowing ♪
♪ Bold and bright ♪
♪ We are fireworks ♪
♪ Burning shapes ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ His fuel is our frustration ♪
♪ And dreams begin to ache ♪
♪ But all the while we
wear a party smile ♪
♪ And happily we shiver ♪
♪ Oh shake, shake, shake ♪
♪ We are fireworks ♪
♪ Slowly, glowing ♪
♪ Bold and bright ♪
♪ We are fireworks ♪
♪ Burning shapes ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ We are fireworks ♪
♪ Twist and turn, burn, burn, burn ♪
♪ Fireworks ♪
♪ Twist and turn, and burn, burn, burn ♪
♪ Fireworks, fireworks, fireworks ♪